Player #1 (Joe Biden):
Economy: What do you say to voters who feel they are worse off under your presidency than they were under player #2?
Economy: How will you ensure that a 10% tariff on all goods coming into the U.S. doesn't drive prices even higher?
Economy: With the U.S. facing trillion-dollar deficits and record debt, why should top earners and corporations pay even less in taxes than they do now?
Abortion: Do you support any legal limits on how late a woman should be able to terminate a pregnancy?
Immigration: Given the record number of migrants crossing the southern border, why should voters trust you to solve this crisis?
Immigration: What additional leverage will you use to get Hamas and Israel to end the war?
Democracy: Do you believe that the tens of millions of Americans who are likely to vote for player #2 will be voting against American democracy?
Race Relations: What do you say to black voters who are disappointed that you haven’t made more progress in closing the racial equality gap?
Climate Change: What further action will you take to slow the climate crisis?
Social Security: Will you name one specific step that you’re willing to take to keep Social Security solvent?
Opioid Crisis: What will you do to help Americans in the throes of addiction right now who are struggling to get the treatment they need?
Age: How do you address concerns about your capability to handle the presidency well into your 80s?

Player #2 (Donald Trump):
Economy: With the U.S. facing trillion-dollar deficits and record debt, why should top earners and corporations pay even less in taxes than they do now?
Abortion: As president, would you block abortion medication?
Immigration: Why should voters trust you to solve the border crisis, and what is your plan?
Immigration: Does "the largest domestic deportation operation in American history" mean you will deport every undocumented immigrant? If so, how?
Foreign Policy: Are Putin's terms to end the war in Ukraine acceptable to you?
Foreign Policy: Would you support the creation of an independent Palestinian state to achieve peace in the region?
Democracy: What do you say to voters who believe you violated your constitutional oath on January 6th and worry that you’ll do it again?
Democracy: Can you clarify what you mean by feeling you have "every right to go after your political opponents" if re-elected?
Race Relations: What do you say to black voters who are disappointed that you haven’t made more progress in closing the racial equality gap?
Climate Change: Will you take any action as President to slow the climate crisis?
Social Security: What would you do to make childcare more affordable?
Opioid Crisis: What will you do to help Americans in the throes of addiction who are struggling to get treatment?
Age: What do you say to voters who have concerns about your capabilities to serve in your 80s?
Democracy: Will you pledge to accept the results of this election regardless of who wins, and state that political violence is unacceptable?